Codify deprecation process and improve documentation (#249)
1Password/scim-examples: deprecated/README.md

## Deployments

| Deployment                                                | Deprecation Date | Deletion Date | Suggested Alternative                                                                                                                |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [aws-ec2-terraform](./aws-terraform)                      | 2020-12-21       | 2023-09-14    | [AWS ECS Fargate with Terraform](../aws-ecsfargate-terraform/) or [AWS ECS Fargate with CloudFormation](./beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn/)  |
| [DigitalOcean App Platform](./digitalocean-app-platform/) | 2022-12-21       | 2023-09-14    | [Digital Ocean App Platform with `op` CLI](../beta/do-app-platform-op-cli/) or [Azure Container Apps](../beta/azure-container-apps/) |

> 

Reviewer: I'd add one other section to this document: guidance on how to deprecate a deployment for other Solution Architects to follow. 

EG:
1. Determine if we want to deprecate a deployment method 'baz' based on _ and _
1. Open a branch `deprecate/baz`
1. Move `baz` into `deprecated/baz`
1. Calculate a convenient deletion date approximately three months from now. A good day would be a workday without immediate holidays around it.
1. Add today's date to the `deployments` table
1. Add the deletion date to the `deployments` table
1. Put your MR up for review and approval

I'd also include exact instructions on how to do a deletion.

Author: Resolved in [92899a5](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/pull/249/commits/92899a5be260e7e08002ddd4dc1b1152648fefcc)

# Deprecated Deployments

This folder contains 1Password SCIM Bridge deployment methods that have been deprecated. At the time of deprecation, these deployments are still fully functional, but will no longer be updated.

> 💡 **Note** that it is solely the _deployment method_ that is deprecated. Deprecating a deployment method is independent of the 1Password SCIM Bridge itself, or a specific version of the 1Password SCIM Bridge. For information about the latest version of 1Password SCIM Bridge, please see the [changelog](https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/SCIM).

## Deprecated deployment method list

The following deployment methods are deprecated and will be removed from the repository on or around the Deletion Date.

> | Deployment                                                | Deprecation Date | Deletion Date | Suggested Alternative                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the deprecation MR? This would serve two purposes:
 1. A place for folks to go to add comments to discuss the deprecation
 1. A place for folks to go to find the old code, so that they can fork it/use it/export it as they need.

Author: I think that is a great idea. Likely this would be solved along with your comment [here](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/pull/249#discussion_r1296024161).

| --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [aws-ec2-terraform](./aws-terraform)                      | 2020-12-21       | 2023-09-14    | [AWS ECS Fargate with Terraform](../aws-ecsfargate-terraform/) or [AWS ECS Fargate with CloudFormation](../beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn/)  |
| [DigitalOcean App Platform](./digitalocean-app-platform/) | 2022-12-21       | 2023-09-14    | [Digital Ocean App Platform with `op` CLI](../beta/do-app-platform-op-cli/) or [Azure Container Apps](../beta/azure-container-apps/) |

### Deleted deployment methods

The following is a list of deployment methods that are no longer supported and were removed from the repository upon expiration of their deperecation period. These deployment methods are no longer supported. If you previously depended on one of these deployment methods, consider one of the suggested alternatives.

> | Deployment | Deprecation Date | Deletion Date | Suggested Alternative |

Reviewer: Do we want to perhaps link to the deletion MR?

> | Deployment | Deprecation Date | Deletion Date | Suggested Alternative |

Author: I had been turning this around in my head a bit myself. I think it's important we provide a rationale for transparency's sake, but we aren't likely going to do it justice in a table cell. 

I think your suggestion of a link to the MR for the `deprecate/<deployment-method>` branch in which the person who created the MR (as per my instructions) provides their rationale is the best approach. Prevents this readme from getting cluttered, but provides interested people recourse. 

I'll add a column to both tables for the MR link.

| ---------- | ---------------- | ------------- | --------------------- |
| -          | -                | -             | -                     |

## Process for deprecating deployment methods

> Generally speaking we try to improve existing deployment methods or create additional deployment methods. However, where updating existing deployment methods is not feasible, we will resort to deprecation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally speaking we try to improve existing deployment methods or create additional deployment methods. However, sometimes deployment methods become no longer relevant and so may be deprecated. 
```

Common reasons a deployment method may be deprecated include one or more of:

- It relies on tooling, utilities, or technologies that have themselves been deprecated or where new versions of the utility/technology introduced breaking changes.
- A superior deployment method using the same or similar technologies on the same or similar platform (if applicable) has been developed.

### Steps to deprecate a deployment method

All deprecations will take place through a merge request and must be approved by a 1Password employee.

1. Identify a candidate for deprecation using the [above criteria](#process-for-deprecating-deployment-methods) along with insights from Integrations Support, your experience, and changes to dependencies, required utilities, host platforms, and technologies.

>    - There are no hard and fast rules here, and no single criteria. When making deprecation decisions, the focus should be on ensuring the best possible experience for 1Password SCIM Bridge users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - There are no hard and fast rules here, and no single criteria. When making deprecation decisions, the focus should be on ensuring the best possible experience for 1Password SCIM Bridge users. This does not immediately imply we maintain everything forever. To produce the best possible experience may require removing non-relevant deployment methods to enable us to focus on more relevant deployment methods. 
```
